Date sent:      	Thu, 24 Dec 1998 00:00:44 -0800 (PST)
To:             	mystery6@startrekmail.com
From:           	members.support@xoom.com
Subject:        	Thanks for becoming a XOOM member


Welcome to XOOM.com and thanks for providing your membership
information.

In a moment we'll give you the information necessary to activate
your XOOM.com account, but there is some other important information
you should know before you begin.

For your records, here is the information you will need in order
to access your XOOM.com account:

Member Name: FSO99
Password: whitestar

Once you've activated your account, you can join our communities,
use our great clip art, build your homepage and display it for
the world to see via our 100 megabit direct feed to the Internet
backbone.

You have two ways to put up your homepage. You can use our Easy
Page Builder, selecting colorful graphics and backgrounds from our
collection and adding your own text in easy-to-use templates that
require no HTML. Or you can create your site offline and upload it
to your new XOOM.com member directory via FTP. 

You'll find lots of other great features on XOOM.com.  You can download
a great selection of web tools, add a chatroom, guestbook, and page
counter to your homepage, and participate in community activities.
And we have live classes and tutorials covering every aspect of
homepage building at our Homepage Help Center. 

To activate your account, log in to the following page using the
member name and password you already selected:

http://xoom.com/validate/?ID=945A28A2E2

One of the best things about being a XOOM.com member is the great Web
software, clip art and other products you can buy at special members
only pricing. As a special benefit for new members we are offering
you our just-released deluxe 6 CD-ROM Web Clip Empire Collection.

Here's what you get:       

Discs 1 and 2 - Over 75,000 Animated GIFs
  *includes 50,000+ Brand New Animations!

Discs 3 and 4 - Over 60,000 Non-animated Clips
  *includes 17,000+ Brand New Web Objects!

Disc 5 - Over 5,200 Music Tracks and Sound Effects

Disc 6 - Over 13,800 Java Buttons, Photos and Videos
  *includes over 11,000 brand new Java Buttons!

Since XOOM.com commissioned many of these clips EXCLUSIVELY from graphic
designers and animators worldwide, you won't find many of them
anywhere else.  These clips are so new, they are not currently
available from the XOOM.com Web Site.

XOOM.com will offer this set to the public from its Web Site for $79.95.
As a new member, you'll pay only $29.95, a savings of 63% off this
price.  That's a whopping savings of $50 off our retail price and
less than $5 per clip-packed CD-ROM.

To get more details about this offer to new members or
to order, go to this secret URL:

http://orders.xoom.com/wce150/xoom_new/

We are making this offer as a way to say thanks to new members.  And
be assured you have our full no fault money back guarantee from XOOM.com
on your purchase if you are not completely satisfied for any reason.
So order this great collection today.  I know you will love it.

We're very pleased you've chosen XOOM.com - we're working hard to bring
you new member benefits - and to make XOOM.com the best place to be on
the Web. 

Bob Ellis, Publisher 


EMAIL: mystery6@startrekmail.com


